Add default cast from H5T_NATIVE_B8 to uint8 (#1889)
h5py/h5py: news/1258-default-cast-b8.rst

New features
------------

> * H5T_NATIVE_B8 types will now be cast to ``numpy.uint8`` by default

Reviewer: & don't forget to update the news entry now that it affects all bitfield types. :slightly_smiling_face:

  (:issue:`1258`). This means that no knowledge of mixed type compound dataset
  schemas is required to read these types, and can simply be read as follows:

  .. code::

     arr = dset[:]

>   Alternatively, these types can still be cast to ``numpy.bool`` explicitly:
> 
>   .. code::
> 
>      with dset.astype(numpy.bool):
>         arr = dset[:]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Alternatively, 8-bit bitfields can still be cast to booleans explicitly:

  .. code::

     arr = dset.astype(numpy.bool_)[:]:
```

`numpy.bool` recently started giving a deprecation warning. And I'd eventually like to shuffle people away from using `astype()` as a context manager now that it can be used as a wrapper.
